Jai Hind Welcome to the permit video
friends, as a news has come out from Lombard
2 days ago that now if
you have a help policy running in Lombard then
you can take cashless facility from Kahani also, whether your
name is in the panel of the hospital
or not, you can take cashless benefit, this
is very big news because earlier it used to happen
that if you go to Kahani
then after finding out the panel you go there and get admitted,
then how do you get the facility, but
now by going to Kahani in Lombard also
you can take the benefit from hostess admission
discharge, sir you will
get cashless benefit, if you are new to our channel then please
like and subscribe because
we bring the latest news in our channel
which is related to banking and finance,
so friends this is very
big news because if you have taken a health
policy and you have seen that you have taken it,
if there is a claim then first they say
that your name is not in the panel,
after that they admit you, but now if people take
your policy in the ward or you are a
policy holder then you do
not need to do anything, first of all you  You can visit any
nearby hospital in any corner of India and get
your treatment done. There is no
panel of hospitals in it which
is cashless. If you have taken a health policy
then you never need to worry that
you will get cashless facility. Whether you have
money or not, you and your family will get
treated easily. And
what is there in it, it is an application,
through the application itself you have to make a lot of
rounds to the hospital saying that I have
not come for admission, the PTP people
are late, what is the problem with this, it is the Lombard
application, a lot of facilities have been added in the application,
through it also
you can track the hospital and
see the claim, you can do online tracking to see how
your claim is going
and there is no problem of any kind
because the latest news has been updated just two days ago, so
if you want to see it in your newspaper or online, you
can check it, it is also on the Lombard side,
so there are many benefits in it,
after this there is a term
condition in it, if you are in any area  If you go for
treatment at a hospital that is not in the panel,
you will have to register
with Lombard 24 hours before or you will have to give a
request through the application
that I am going for admission in this hospital for
my treatment and I have
this disease in it, then
you will get confirmation from there that you should
go to the hospital and you will get cashless benefit
because what used to happen earlier was that where there was
no cashless benefit, your
discharge summary was late, then after that we used to
send it further, then it used to take some time, it was
time taking and you had to pay the money
from your pocket, if you did
not have the money then it used to create some problem,
then a claim would be settled later,
but this is a very good benefit
because at the time of your admission itself, whatever is your
post, everything will be settled in this,
so you need
not worry at all, if you have not taken a policy, then you should
immediately take a policy and there is a term plan, that is a must
because there were many things in it
like people of small towns, they
say  There is no cashless hospital in our area, there are some
outside, so for them also
this is the best option that you do not need any network
partner,
if there is a nursing home or hospital in your village, in your local area,
you can get treatment
there and can avail cashless benefits,
so there are many benefits in it and
Lombard company is a very big company if
seen, it is the top most company of India
and you can do hustle feed transaction in it,
whatever your treatment is, sir, some of it
is free of cost, sir, you do not need to do anything,
sir,
what is normal, first of all, if we look at the background of Lomar, then
they have settled 29.3 million policies
and
they have settled 22.3 million claims, the
gross is premium and the premium is 18562 crores,
so friends, thank you for making the video,
very match, please like and
subscribe and
definitely take a health policy for yourself and your family, and health
policy and term plan are a must for everyone in today's date,
so thank you, my match,
please like your subscribe, thank you